Issue and PR templates (#2842)
firedrakeproject/firedrake: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/installation.md

---
name: "\U00002699 Installation"

> description: Create a report for a bug you have found

Reviewer: Could be more specific.

> description: Create a report for a bug you have found

Author: ```suggestion
description: Create a report for an installation issue
```

> title: 'BUG: '

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: 'INSTALL: '
```

labels: [installation]
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the error**
A short description of what the installation error is.

**Steps to Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:

ie: The exact command used for installation/update  '...'

**Expected behavior**
Describe what you expected to happen.

**Error message**
Add error message with full backtrace.
Please add these as text using three backticks (`) for highlighting.
Please do not add screenshots.

Please also include either `firedrake-install.log` which is found in
the directory `firedrake-install` was run or `firedrake-update.log`
found in the virtualenv directory.

Additionally please include the PETSc configure log located in
`$VIRTUAL_ENV/src/petsc/configure.log`.

> **Environemnt:**

Reviewer: Typo: "Environment"

> **Environemnt:**

Author: ```suggestion
**Environment:**
```

>  - OS: [eg: Linux, MacOS, WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux)] add this as a label too!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - OS: [eg: Linux, MacOS, WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux)] add this as an issue label too! Please be specific: state the Linux distribution or MacOS version you are attempting to install on.
```

 - Python version: [eg: 3.9.7]

>  - Any relevant environment variables or modificatiosn [eg: PETSC_CONFIGURE_OPTIONS=...]

Reviewer: Typo: "modifications"

>  - Any relevant environment variables or modificatiosn [eg: PETSC_CONFIGURE_OPTIONS=...]

Author: ```suggestion
 - Any relevant environment variables or modifications [eg: PETSC_CONFIGURE_OPTIONS=...]
```
